oEmbed Include (#463)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/guides/documents/includes/oembed/index.md

})
```

The parameter passed to the `registerProviders()` functions should be an array of provider objects.

```js
// providers.js
module.exports = [
  require('./soundcloud'),
  require('./twitter')
]
```

### Simple Provider

As oEmbed providers must return a standardised response payload it is possible to configure a simple provider using only a few string values. In this example, when a user pastes a URL into the oEmbed form it will be parsed, and then the `hostname` will be compared with the `hostname` string from the provider config. If the strings are equal then a request will be sent to the `oembedApiUrl` with the user input URL as a query parameter. The provider should then return the embed HTML with a JSON response (XML is not supported without [additonal configuration](#advanced-provider)).

```js
// soundcloud.js
module.exports = {
  handle: 'soundcloud',
  providerName: 'soundcloud',
  providerLabel: 'SoundCloud',
  hostname: 'soundcloud.com',
  oembedApiUrl: 'https://soundcloud.com/oembed?format=json'
}
```

### Advanced Provider

A more complex oEmbed provider can extend the simple configuration above with some additional properties.

> Firstly, it's possible to use a regular expression for the `hostname` comparison to support subdomains and multiple TLDs with a single provider. It would also be possible to create a catch-all provider this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, it's possible to use a regular expression for the `hostname` comparison to support subdomains and multiple top-level domains with a single provider. It would also be possible to create a catch-all provider this way.
```
